The following is a list of upcoming campus events and announcements for the Morgan Community. Please click on the featured selections for more information and details.

Please Note: Beginning today, the MSU Counseling Center will be permanently relocated to the Carter Grant Wilson Building, room 202; for additional information or questions please contact stephanie.howard@morgan.edu – March 12 

Tomorrow, the Morgan State University Police Department and the Office of Residence Life & Housing presents "VIP March Madness" Basketball Tournament happening at Hill Field House from 7-9 pm. Sign-up at the Harper Tubman front desk – March 13

As part of the ongoing recognition of Women's History Month, please plan to attend the "Terborg-Penn Memorial and Women's History Month Convocation" taking place at the Murphy Fine Arts Center at 11 a.m. – March 14

Join the Office of Student Life & Development for a night of fun for "Bowling Night at the AMF Towson." Transporation will be provided – March 14

The MSU Print Shop invites you to attend its “Open House” for faculty and staff happening from 12:30 to 3:30 pm at the Montebello Complex in room C-04 – March 21

Attention Morgan Community: You are invited to attend the on-campus interview and presentation for the third candidate for the position of Morgan State University Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs – Dr. Lesia L. Crumpton-Young beginning at 11:30 a.m. at the Morgan Business Center – March 25

The CLA’s Dept. of Philosophy & Religious Studies invites you to attend a discussion with Myisha Cherry, author of “Unmuted” at Martin D. Jenkins Hall in room 106 beginning at 11 a.m. – March 26

MSU’s Entrepreneurial Development & Assistance Center (EDAC) is hosting the 2019 W.O.M.E.N. (Women Owned and Managed Enterprise Network) Conference, a network of resources supporting women in developing and retaining competitive enterprises happening from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Morgan Business Center – March 30

Theatre Morgan presents a stage reading of “The Green Book” by Calvin Alexander Ramsey and directed by Grant E. Harvey. The free two-act play, happening at the Murphy Fine Arts Center beginning at 7:30 pm, focuses on the difficulties African-Americans faced while traveling during the Jim Crow era – April 4

Attention Students: Wells Fargo is providing ten (10) paid summer opportunities for Morgan State University students by providing summer fellowships with community partners in the fields of affordable housing, community development, workforce development, public policy/advocacy, neighborhood revitalization, and financial health in the Baltimore and Prince George's County, MD areas | Apply Today – April 6 [deadline]

In The News

Via The Johns Hopkins News-Letter: Scholars explore the personal life of Frederick Douglass; Morgan archivist Dr. Ida Jones interviewed – Read the Article!

Via the Maryland Daily Record: BDC seeks proposals for Westside properties including Read’s Drug Store site; Morgan mentioned – Read the Article!

Via Baltimore Beat: Morgan's Dr. Lawrence Brown on the problem with Delegate Lisanti’s comments – Read the Article!

Via University Business Magazine: Morgan State enters partnership to fund financial technology program – Read the Article!

Via the Daily Mail: Teachers in North Carolina could get a raise if they carry concealed guns in the classroom under proposed new school self-defense legislation; MSU professor Dr. Stacy Patton quoted – Read the Article!

________________________








-- 
This message is for informational purposes only. Please do not reply to this message. Replies to this message are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions regarding the announcements, please contact the Office of Public Relations & Communications at PR@morgan.edu. 

If you have any technical issues/questions, please contact the MSU Service Desk at ServiceDesk@morgan.edu or at extension 4357. Thank you.