The following is a list of upcoming campus events and announcements for the Morgan Community. Please click on the featured selections for more information and details.


Morgan fashion merchandising students from the Department of Family and Consumer Sciences attend the country’s largest and most comprehensive fashion sourcing showcase­­—MAGIC – Read More!

Tomorrow, MSU's Center for Career Development hosts its “Spring Job Fair” at the USC; more than 100 employers will be onsite – April 11 

The MSU Offices of Diversity and EEO and Student Life & Development and the National Pan-Hellenic Council presents “Nobody Wins When the Family Feuds” at the USC Theater at 6 pm – April 11

Attention Morgan Community: As you find yourself participating in and navigating the many social media platforms as representatives of the University please keep in mind the following best practices and guidelines of assistance – Read More!

MSU’s EDAC invites you to join the "Entrepreneurship YouEconomy" movement and change the way you work and live. Register to attend this FREE event at the Morgan Business Center – April 11

The Clara I. Adams Honors College presents its lecture series featuring speaker Erwin Hesse, associate director of admissions of the Johns Hopkins-Carey Business School, beginning at 11 a.m. at the Morgan Business Center auditorium – April 12

The MSU Pre-Alumni Council invites you to join them for a meeting at the Alumni House – April 12

Morgan’s IABA, GIS, and ASA present the Baltimore Actuarial Intercollegiate Conference being held at the USC room 212 from 4-7 pm – April 12

Join the University's Office of Technology Transfer team as they host their inaugural Open House. Learn more about what the Office of Technology Transfer does, what resources and opportunities they can assist with, and learn about how they protect the university's intellectual property and more – April 18

The Spring 2018 issue of the Alumni News is available for review – Read Online!

Please Join MAPS and ASLA for the Morgan State University Planning Department’s “Annual Professional Development Institute: An Examination of Gentrification” at CBEIS from 5-7pm – April 19

MSU’s Office of Procurement is seeking student and general business owners to participate in showcasing their goods and/or services at their second annual Business Diversity Fair taking place at the Morgan Business Center (in the atrium) from 11am-1pm. – April 26

In The News

Via Poynter: 13 J-school deans and chairs issue letter of concern to Sinclair; Morgan SGJC Dean DeWayne Wickham highlighted – Read the Article! 

Via the Traffic Technology Today: Maryland launches new multidisciplinary transportation research institute; Morgan mentioned – Read the Article! 

Via WYPR/88.1: Opera at Morgan State University presents: Lyrics of Sunshine and Shadows – Read/Listen Online! 

Via the Longview News-Journal: For HBCU marching bands, it's all 'about the showmanship'; Morgan highlighted – Read the Article! 

Via the Baltimore Sun: Thousands of Maryland community college students could get free tuition under last-minute bill; Morgan mentioned – Read the Article! 

________________________


The R.E.A.L. SGA Administration is looking to fill open positions on its cabinet
Apply Online Today!


unnamed.jpg








-- 
This message is for informational purposes only. Please do not reply to this message. Replies to this message are routed to an unmonitored mailbox. If you have questions regarding the announcements, please contact the Office of Public Relations & Communications at PR@morgan.edu. 

If you have any technical issues/questions, please contact the MSU Service Desk at ServiceDesk@morgan.edu or at extension 4357. Thank you.